README.md, before:

# TimeLogger

Visma E-Commerce time logger task.

## Summary of Architectural Decisions

1. Use NX for scaffolding the application.
   - NX is a great tool for scaling a repo to include multiple teams as it allows to run, build and test different parts of the repo independently.
   - NX comes with strict TypeScript config, decent lint rules and emotion css.
   - The workspace is configured as a modern Vite app with Vitest test runner. Webpack would be a safer choice, but I wanted to try out the Vite stack some time, and I think its ready for production.
1. Install ChakraUI component library.
   - ChakraUI has a great developer experience and flexible theming capabilities.
   - Having a component library helps me develop faster and makes the app more consistent.

# Getting Started

`npm install`

## Development server

- Run `npx nx serve` for a dev server
- Navigate to http://localhost:4200/.
- The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Other tasks

- Unit tests: `npx nx run-many --target=test`
- Linter: `npx nx run-many --target=lint`
- Production build: `npx nx run-many --target=build`

You can also just run the tasks for the default app:

- `npx nx <task>` for example `npx nx build` or `npx nx test`.

## Understand this workspace

Run `npx nx graph` to see a diagram of the dependencies of the projects.

## Further help

Visit the [Nx Documentation](https://nx.dev) to learn more.

Commit message:

Add misc dependencies for app

README.md, after:

# TimeLogger

Visma E-Commerce time logger task.

## Summary of Architectural Decisions

1. Use NX for scaffolding the application.
   - NX is a great tool for scaling a repo to include multiple teams as it allows to run, build and test different parts of the repo independently.
   - NX comes with strict TypeScript config, decent lint rules and emotion css.
   - The workspace is configured as a modern Vite app with Vitest test runner. Webpack would be a safer choice, but I wanted to try out the Vite stack some time, and I think its ready for production.
1. Install ChakraUI component library.
   - ChakraUI has a great developer experience and flexible theming capabilities.
   - Having a component library helps me develop faster and makes the app more consistent.
1. Create shared/ui project for custom UI components to distinguish between app and reusable components.
1. Other dependencies:
   - reach-router for basic app routing.
   - msw for mocking data from a server.
   - react-query and axios for easy data fetching and cache management.
   - formik for from control

# Getting Started

`npm install`

## Development server

- Run `npx nx serve` for a dev server
- Navigate to http://localhost:4200/.
- The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Other tasks

- Unit tests: `npx nx run-many --target=test`
- Linter: `npx nx run-many --target=lint`
- Production build: `npx nx run-many --target=build`

You can also just run the tasks for the default app:

- `npx nx <task>` for example `npx nx build` or `npx nx test`.

## Understand this workspace

Run `npx nx graph` to see a diagram of the dependencies of the projects.

## Further help

Visit the [Nx Documentation](https://nx.dev) to learn more.
